These are the questions I got in the interview.
Pannel name : Govindarajan
Duration : 1hr 

1.Introduce yourself ?
2.Explain about project architecture which you have worked before?
3.Do you worked on microservices ?
4.If one service is down How will you handle that situation?
5.Explain about Caching in Database ?
6.What are the new features introduced in JAVA 8 ?
7.Explain about Functional Interface ?
8.Do you worked on multithreading ?
9.sync and async in multithreading ?
10.Explain about springboot Annotations ?
11.Autowiring and types of Autowiring in springboot ?
12.Can we use @Autowired in @component level?
13.Explain the main purposes of @Service,@RestController and @Repository ?
14.Did you work on any CICD ?
15.Any pipeline scripts you wrote in your project what are the steps involved in that?
16.Do you know about sonar, Krunch 44 ?
17.Did you work on Any TDD ?
18.Is any code analysis tools you have used and what is the minimum range of percentage the project should meet ?
19. Did you worked on Exception Handling ?
20.Explain the scenario how you handled the Exception that occured in your project ?
21.Do you know about Custom Exception ?
22.Did you create any global Exceptions ?
23.what are the annotations involved while Exception Handling?
24.Did you work on spring security ?
25.You have one String "proramming with JAVA 8" display as character,count of each character in java like J,1 and m,2 etc. using JAVA Streams ?



These are the questions I got in the interview.
Pannel name : Tulasi ,srinivasan
Duration : 30 min

1) Introduce yourself technically ?
2) Rating yourself in Java and Angular ?
3) Volatile Keyword in Multithreading ?
4) Did you worked on any CICD ?and steps involved in that ?
5) Difference between Git and Github ?
6) which pipeline management tool you have worked on ?
7) what is the difference between String buffer and String builder ?
8) Why String class is immutable ?
9) if the class is immutable as you are saying setter methods won't exist? how you can inialize the values ?
10) what Java 8 features you have worked on ?
11) How you implement Functional Interfaces?
12) what are the features of java DATE/TIME API in Java 8?
13) what is stateless API ?
14) Did you worked on spring security ? explain JWT ?
15) which will make JWT as more secure ?
16) which build tool you have used ?
17) what are the spring starter dependencies you have worked on ?
18) explain about @Lombok and which is better using @lombok or traditional getters setters approach ?
19) Explain about DataJPA and what are the interfaces extends by JPA Repository ?
20) what is the version of JUNIT,Java you have worked ?
21) which version of Java supports Spring latest version ?
22) write SQL Query to retrieve data related to count(*) and group by ?
23)you wrote nativeQueries in Repository by using mySQL ? and database migrated to other database how you manage those queries ?
Angular ::
1) what are the Decorators in Angular ?
2) what is the difference between typescript and Javascript ?
3) what is the difference betwen Angular and AngularJS ?
4) which version of angular you worked ?what are the features added in the latest Angular version ?
5) Lifecycle hooks ?
6) Explain Angular Lifecycle ?
7) Explain about @NgModule and purpose of it ?
8) Interpolation ?
9) What are the pipes you have worked on ?





gafsagfsdjafsajf